Deprecation notice (#11)
stac-extensions/xarray-assets: README.md

- **Identifier:** <https://stac-extensions.github.io/xarray-assets/v1.0.0/schema.json>
- **Field Name Prefix:** xarray
- **Scope:** Asset
- **Extension [Maturity Classification](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/tree/master/extensions/README.md#extension-maturity):** Deprecated
- **Owner**: @TomAugspurger

# Deprecation Notice

This extension has been deprecated. While useful, it ended up being to specific to xarray and Python.
Instead of this extension, we recommend the following extensions and libraries to enable opening
xarray Datasets from a STAC item / asset:

> 1. A new `zarr` extension to capture metadata about a Zarr hierarchy, like whether it is `consolidated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A yet to create `zarr` extension to capture metadata about a Zarr hierarchy, like whether it is `consolidated`. Proposals are welcome.
```
